chore: Adjust make command to support generating documentation for autogenerated resources (#3297)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/push_based_log_export_api.md

# Resource: mongodbatlas_push_based_log_export_api

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the bucket to which the agent will send the logs to.
- `group_id` (String) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies your project. Use the [/groups](#tag/Projects/operation/listProjects) endpoint to retrieve all projects to which the authenticated user has access.

> **NOTE**: Groups and projects are synonymous terms. Your group id is the same as your project id. For existing groups, your group/project id remains the same. The resource and corresponding endpoints use the term groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Groups and projects are synonymous terms. Your group ID is the same as your project ID. For existing groups, your group or project ID remains the same. The resource and corresponding endpoints use the term groups.
```

- `iam_role_id` (String) ID of the AWS IAM role that will be used to write to the S3 bucket.
- `prefix_path` (String) S3 directory in which vector will write to in order to store the logs. An empty string denotes the root directory.

### Read-Only

- `create_date` (String) Date and time that this feature was enabled on.

> - `links` (Attributes List) List of one or more Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) that point to API sub-resources, related API resources, or both. RFC 5988 outlines these relationships. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `links` (Attributes List) List of one or more Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) that point to API sub-resources, related API resources, or both. RFC 5988 outlines these relationships. (To learn more, see [nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
```
